# MatchMaker
# Instructions 
This game can be downloaded and played by anybody who chooses to play. To begin the process, you must first download the entirety of the code from the github repository and open all of it in Android Studio. Once the code has been downloaded you can begin to run the app. To run this app select the green play button found in the top tab. Once the app runs you will immediately be brought to the home page where you will find the three level options (easy, medium and hard) as well as two buttons to play and pause the music. Once a level has been selected you will instantly directed to the page assigned to that level. The screen will have a different number of cards depending on your level but the bottom of every screen will have a home button and timer counting down. The home button will redirect you to the home page if at any point you want to return to it. If you have matched all the cards before the timer runs out you will be redirected to a page that tells you you have won. If you run out of time before completing the matches you will be redirected to a page that tells you you lost. Both of these pages also include a “return to home” button that brings you back to the main page to choose another level and play again. 
# Importance and Contributors 
The importance of our app is that matchmaking is a game that improves cognitive development, concentration and critical thinking for all ages. It is a simple game that provides the duality of reducing stress while still keeping your brain active. The contributors to this product are Chiara Marzovilla, Nandana Alwarappan, Lauren Monahan and Julie green.
